---
layout: default
title: Joining a workstream
description: Tips on how to navigating joining an existing workstream
categories: getting_started
main_category: getting_started
---

So you decided to join an existing workstream, we are very excited that you have decided to come join the party. Allow us to give you a few tips for navigating around...

If you don't understand what a workstream is, [click here](/workstreams).

Some useful tools will be:

* The [Activity stream](/activity_stream) to see what has been happening most recently.
* The [Dashboard](/dashboard) to get an overview of the work being done. From here you can also offer new ideas, comment, vote, prioritize and more. 
  * Important to note is that each workstream and project subworkstream has its own dashboard, so be sure to dig down to see all the levels of work.
  * A good first step is to go through the work items one by one and vote on the ones that interest you or seem important.
  * If there's a comment you'd like to add, share your thoughts.
  * If there's a specific work item you would like to take on, just click the Start or Join buttons and get to work!
  * Once it is completed, you can click Finish and wait until your co-workers sign off on it.
  * As you take on work tasks, new ones might occur to you so just add them in the appropriate workstream dashboard.
* Then, you might want to visit the Discussion areas for larger issues or contribute to the various workstream Wikis.

You can see an overview of your team (in the Overview or Team tabs) and also [invite](/invitations) others to join your work.

Once you start working, your [homepage](http://secure.bettermeans.com/welcome) will become populated with the items that you own, the workstreams you are involved in, and the activity relevant to your work.

Also remember, that you can also always [start your own workstream](/workstreamguide) for your own project.

BetterMeans is a tool to help you be more productive and share tasks and decision making democratically. The more you and your team come to understand it and use it, the more useful it becomes.

For ideas for best practices, <a href="http://bettermeans.com/projects">visit the other Open Enterprises</a>.

Still have questions? 
---------------------

We are working to constantly improve this site, therefore _please_ email us with your additional questions at <a href="mailto:support@bettermeans.com">support@bettermeans.com</a>
